Document: Added documentation for user public key update methods. (#3492)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/auth.md

    minutes. This can be fixed by syncing the clock with an Network Time
    Protocol (NTP) server.

## User public key update

Chef infra server user can update public_key using below methods.
-   Using reregister method
    Use the reregister argument in knife command to regenerate an RSA key pair for a user. The public key will be stored on the Chef Infra Server and the private key will be displayed on STDOUT or written to a named file.
    
    Syntax:- knife user reregister USER_NAME (options)
    Ex:- knife user reregister "Arjun Koch" 

-  Using knife user key command
    User can have multiple public keys associated with his account in chef server, each public key have a name and expiration date associated with it.

>     Name is an ascii string used to identify public key, expiration date for the public key is specified as an ISO 8601 formatted string: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.

Reviewer: *ASCII

    minutes. This can be fixed by syncing the clock with an Network Time
    Protocol (NTP) server.

## User public key update

> Chef infra server user can update public_key using below methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef infra server user can update public_key using the following methods.
```

> Chef infra server user can update public_key using below methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef infra server user can update public_key using below methods.
```
Should it be public_key or public key?  I don't know the answer, I just noticed that elsewhere here you use public key, not public key.

-   Using reregister method

>     Use the reregister argument in knife command to regenerate an RSA key pair for a user. The public key will be stored on the Chef Infra Server and the private key will be displayed on STDOUT or written to a named file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use the reregister argument in the knife command to regenerate an RSA key pair for a user. The public key will be stored on the Chef Infra Server and the private key will be displayed on STDOUT or written to a named file.
```

    
    Syntax:- knife user reregister USER_NAME (options)
    Ex:- knife user reregister "Arjun Koch" 

-  Using knife user key command

>     User can have multiple public keys associated with his account in chef server, each public key have a name and expiration date associated with it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The user can have multiple public keys associated with his chef server account.  Each public key has a name and expiration date associated with it.
```

>     Name is an ascii string used to identify public key, expiration date for the public key is specified as an ISO 8601 formatted string: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Name is an ASCII string used to identify the public key.  The expiration date for the public key is specified as an ISO 8601 formatted string: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.
```

>     User can list, add, edit and delete public keys with knife user key command, below are the operations supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    User can list, add, edit and delete public keys with knife user key command.  The following operations supported.
```

        knife user key create to create public key.
        knife user key delete to delete public key.
        knife user key list to list user public keys.
        knife user key edit to edit public keys.

>     Constraints: User can't edit key details which is currently in use.

Reviewer 3: Does this just mean that if I'm using the `user1` key, I can't regenerate a new `user1` key? I have to create or use another key first and then regenerate user1 while using the other key?

Reviewer 3: Does this also apply to the `knife user reregister` command?

Author: I mean user can't edit details of the key which he is using to send current request.

**Does this also apply to the knife user reregister command?**
    No reregister command will always edit public key named default, create if one dose not exists.
    if current request is made with help of default private key then also request will succeed.

    Ex:- To change the key pair of user1.
       1) Check current keys associated with the user with the help of knife user key list USERNAME.
          #knife user key list user1
          default

       2) Create new key pair with the help of knife user key create.
          #knife user key create user1 --key-name new_key_03_11_2022

              {
                "user": "user1",
                "name": "new_key_03_11_2022",
                "expiration_date": "infinity",
                "create_key": true

>               }

Reviewer 3: Is this generated data from knife? Does the user need to do something with it?

Author: This is knife generated content {generated with arguments passed to the knife command} which appears in a text editor where user can do modifications if required.

Reviewer 3: Ok, does knife generate a file and place it somewhere when you run that command? Does this text already exist and the user has to update it, or does knife overwrite an existing file? I assume knife automatically opens the text editor, correct?

>        3) Make new key effective by placing it in user private key file.

Author: adding a pem file to the .chef directory.

```sh
knife user reregister USERNAME (options)
```

### knife user key

You can list, add, edit, and delete public keys using the following subcommands:

- [`knife user key create`]({{< relref "/workstation/knife_user#key-create" >}})
- [`knife user key delete`]({{< relref "/workstation/knife_user#key-delete" >}})
- [`knife user key list`]({{< relref "/workstation/knife_user#key-list" >}})
- [`knife user key edit`]({{< relref "/workstation/knife_user#key-edit" >}})

{{< note >}}

You can't modify a public key while using that same key to authenticate with Chef Infra Server. To update a user's key pair using the `knife user key` subcommands, create a new key pair and then delete the old key pair.

{{< /note >}}

To update a user's key pair:

1. Check the current keys associated with the user:

   ```sh
   knife user key list USERNAME
   ```

1. Create a new key pair:

   ```sh
   knife user key create USERNAME --key-name KEYNAME --expiration-date YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ
   ```

>    Knife will open the `config.rb` or `credentials` file in your text editor. Modify the user credentials to match the newly created key pair name and expiration date.

Author: knife will not open config.rb or credentials file. it opens editor with request data which will be send in this operation. user can edit the request data before sending.

User can replace old key file with new key file, update config.rb or credentials file for the new private key to take effect.

Note: User can have multiple active key pairs and can choose one of the key {by configuring in config.rb or credentials}  to communicate with server.

>    Knife will open the `config.rb` or `credentials` file in your text editor. Modify the user credentials to match the newly created key pair name and expiration date.

Reviewer 3: How about this?

```suggestion
   Knife will open your text editor with a data file containing the username, key name, and expiration date that will be sent to the Chef Infra Server. Modify the user credentials to match the newly created key pair name and expiration date.
```

   {{< note >}}

   Specify the expiration date in ISO 8601 format.

   The expiration date is optional. User keys don't expire if an expiration date isn't specified.

   {{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

1. Open your `config.rb` file or `credentials` file and modify it to match the new key name and expiration date.

```
